elop hi everybody today we
can be found on call of duty black ops 2
today small climb on black ops
are you asked me for black ops from
1 because it's true, well, I'm here
start getting a little tired of it
look forward to know and bmw 2 so
here I am asking you and gameplay
on a game I give it to you there is no
worry so here it is a little gameplay
in parentheses that I found on
the word studio so that's it's done
always pleasure to find long
above diaw that's it's really a
missing thing
like Thursday in parentheses it's a
missing thing on the new call
of duty
the studio mode because there is
a lot of youtube hours they
could edit editing
thanks to this studio mode and or so
Stored gameplay as I like
do can store gameplay on the
studio fashion was really expecting
always pleasure writing then really
surprised to find a gameplay that
I had done a very long time ago
So here I close the parenthesis is
of our little old people who really miss
a lot
so that's small climbed with the n 7 in
gold killstreaks is the turret the
dog he scolds scores the dog that
I do not know if I can
unlock so I let you see the
gameplay
so the little topic today is
of course that's where
as are rendered on the title this is a
total eclipse of the sun that will take place
March 20th at home so here it is
in the hemisphere g of m here the little
graphic
these last deny north sphere so you
can really look at everything that is
in red this is where we can observe the
phenomenon in its totality
for 10 minutes there will be more than
sun so that's it if you see it
there is more sun with respect was not going
make a sacrifice like in a jar
and everything is not it's not at all
it
so here it's just a team this
is not the end of the world
so that's so if for example I 'll go
take an example in France in the
north we can observe the phenomenon
80%, that is to say in Lille for example
at 80% and then in the south will say
marseille in corsican or bordeaux 1-1
just like that you will want to 60% of his
totality ie 60%
the sun will be hidden as little info
who really is they have less
important do not watch clips
with solar clips with glasses
normal ie glasses of
Sun
you really need special glasses
is to read nudes all black that you
find in a pharmacy or at a
optician of course on sale pretty much
three four days before the phenomenon
so validly from the east are we
pharmacists
it will cost between 1 and 2 euros I
do not advance too much on the price but good
it must be rejected adopted the same
matter that you see as masters of
cinema you go it's pretty much the nun
ironmonger so it's not going to cost a
arm but that's it's really limit
special for that to watch that so
that would be really stupid to
Gaulle was very small I found a
little fragile while there you can buy
a letter 2 euros
so that's the phenomenon as I said
it will be between 9h and 11h
here in France to observe it between 9am
and 11h so that's if that day the 20
March you see it's dark does not surprise you
not it's just an eclipse it's not the
end of the world
so here on this I tell you later
it will surely be on a gameplay
maybe I test the harmonics because
that I unlocked the age berra 3b reflects
so here is a shit weapon between
parentheses it's a sea weapon and
I offer to the Pâquis here it is a man
modern and then and so here I am
tell me later and then on this mosquito
the mosquitoes of attac so that's it on this
Thursday to later and then ciao